Dear asf Recruiting Team,

Greetings! My name is Collin Hooper and I am very excited that icon group has an open position for [open_position]! I have been looking for opportunities such as this to gain entry level access to the industry, as well as to further my knowledge of programming with real-world examples and hands-on experience! I still have a lot to learn, but I am equipped with strong understanding regarding the foundations of the World Wide Web, specifically, web development technologies like HTML5, CSS3, and JavaScript, as well as experience with front end frameworks and libraries like React and Bootstrap5. In addition to this experience, I also have a knowledgable understanding of Python and the R-Studio framework. Even with these competencies, I know I have a half-of-a-million more things to acquaint myself with, but I have been able to produce some interesting, beautiful projects with the expertise that I already possess, like building a website for a friend, or building a responsive online drum kit (I also have a deep-running passion for music!) These projects can be found on my personal webpage: https://www.cdhcreate.com - !

As I already mentioned, I am no stranger to the fact that programming expertise is like playing whack-a-mole; once I have an understanding of something new, I also realize that there is still so much I don’t know. I have become familiar with being stuck as to why my code is not doing what it should, only to do a Google search or two to find the correct answer. If I am not familiar with something, or need to refresh my knowledge about a certain facet of a particular programming language/framework, I am able to find that for which I am looking, employing search techniques that point me in the right direction. In the case that I am unfamiliar with an aspect of programming, I know where to go to find the information I am looking for, whether it is in-house documentation or one of the many document aggregation sites like Stack Overflow and W3 Schools.

Even as I write this, I am working through courses on Udemy to further my understanding of web development, as I want to be able to apply higher knowledge to my projects and designs to improve them, as well as acquire skills that I can apply in a professional setting. Personally, I am a sponge for information and sincerely enjoy learning new things, which makes this programming journey all the more enjoyable (don’t get me wrong, it can be frustrating, too!).

In summation, I am a young, budding programmer searching for my first programming job. I possess knowledge and skills that I know will make me a powerful asset to your team. When in doubt, I understand what resources are available to me and how to use them effectively. I am a hard worker, yearning to increase the depths of my programming knowledge. I know that hands-on experience and training will only make me more effective, increasing my value within your team.

That all being said, I would like to prove to you in-person why I am the correct individual for this position. You can reach out to me in a number of ways; my email is cdhprof@gmail.com, my cell-phone number is +1.616.633.3488. I look forward to being able to prove my worth to you and asf!

Thank you for your time!

Collin Hooper